# Reject Singular Approaches
<details> <summary>英文原文</summary><div style="border:1px solid #eee;padding:5px;background-color:#F2F2F2">
We cannot perpetuate solutions that present a single philosophy or methodology for fixing inequity in the technology sector. Our problems are complex and multifactorial. Therefore, we must disrupt singular approaches to advancing representation in the workplace, even if they are promoted by people we admire or who have institutional power.
</div></details>
<details> <summary>英文原文</summary><div style="border:1px solid #eee;padding:5px;background-color:#F2F2F2">
One singular narrative held dear in the technology industry is that lack of representation in the workforce can be addressed solely by fixing the hiring pipelines. Yes, that is a fundamental step, but that is not the immediate issue we need to fix. We need to recognize systemic inequity in progression and retention while simultaneously focusing on more representative hiring and educational disparities across lines of race, gender, and socioeconomic and immigration status, for example.
</div></details>
<details> <summary>英文原文</summary><div style="border:1px solid #eee;padding:5px;background-color:#F2F2F2">
In the technology industry, many people from underrepresented groups are passed over daily for opportunities and advancement. Attrition among Black+ Google employees outpaces attrition from all other groups and confounds progress on representation goals. If we want to drive change and increase representation, we need to evaluate whether we’re creating an ecosystem in which all aspiring engineers and other technology professionals can thrive.
</div></details>
<details> <summary>英文原文</summary><div style="border:1px solid #eee;padding:5px;background-color:#F2F2F2">
Fully understanding an entire problem space is critical to determining how to fix it. This holds true for everything from a critical data migration to the hiring of a representative workforce. For example, if you are an engineering manager who wants to hire more women, don’t just focus on building a pipeline. Focus on other aspects of the hiring, retention, and progression ecosystem and how inclusive it might or might not be to women. Consider whether your recruiters are demonstrating the ability to identify strong candidates who are women as well as men. If you manage a diverse engineering team, focus on psychological safety and invest in increasing multicultural capacity on the team so that new team members feel welcome.
</div></details>
<details> <summary>英文原文</summary><div style="border:1px solid #eee;padding:5px;background-color:#F2F2F2">
A common methodology today is to build for the majority use case first, leaving improvements and features that address edge cases for later. But this approach is flawed; it gives users who are already advantaged in access to technology a head start, which increases inequity. Relegating the consideration of all user groups to the point when design has been nearly completed is to lower the bar of what it means to be an excellent engineer. Instead, by building in inclusive design from the start and raising development standards for development to make tools delightful and accessible for people who struggle to access technology, we enhance the experience for all users.
</div></details>
<details> <summary>英文原文</summary><div style="border:1px solid #eee;padding:5px;background-color:#F2F2F2">
Designing for the user who is least like you is not just wise, it’s a best practice. There are pragmatic and immediate next steps that all technologists, regardless of domain, should consider when developing products that avoid disadvantaging or underrepresenting users. It begins with more comprehensive user-experience research. This research should be done with user groups that are multilingual and multicultural and that span multiple countries, socioeconomic class, abilities, and age ranges. Focus on the most difficult or least represented use case first.
</div></details>

